hi I'm Mark Miller from Westminster
Stephenson and I'm I'm robbery from mp3
car we're here at the AFK fest 2009 and
marks going to give me a tour of his
mercedes e 55 sure rob this is a 2004
mercedes e 55 it's one of the AMG models
it's got the supercharged engine what
we've done is we've taken the trunk
we've completely remodeled the trunk
what you'll notice is that this is a
material that's designed to match the
same texture and everything of the
factory mercedes we've gone in and we
backlit everything all of the interior
panels are done in fiberglass they've
been color-coded to match you will
notice that you can look in here and see
the jl 13 w7 woofer how many people are
considered that to be the best subwoofer
on the market then you'll notice that
the amplifiers actually motorized in so
that it closes that window so then at
that point you can see all three
amplifiers then we have panels that can
go on all of these pieces to cover it up
so that you can still store stuff in
there so what you've got is there's
three amplifiers you've got one run of
the subwoofers you've got these two
amplifiers that are running all the full
range speakers in the car that's a six
channel 30 band 4 channel audio control
equalizer and then on this side is a
stinger 35 farad capacitor which is
basically a secondary power supply from
stereo in the car for the most part or
in the Factory locations you know you
like you've got the speaker's here and
in the front doors you've got the
speakers up there if you go around on
the on the passenger side what you'll
notice
is there is a custom center channel that
we made that used to be an air vent with
just a little two and a half inch
speaker so we made a custom center
channel this is all one piece that's now
got a mid-range in a tweeter and we even
were able to get the factory woodgrain
to match the rest of the wood grain in
the vehicle all of this is integrated to
the factory stereo system in the car if
you take this car and you put it in
reverse you've got your back up camera
that's integrated there you've got
bluetooth you've got ipod we've got
video that feeds into that we also have
a completely stealth installed radar
detector system if you notice that green
LED in the instrument cluster that's the
only thing that you see we actually took
the instrument cluster out of the card
this is someone to put the LED in there
and then now what you've got is all of
your all of your radar and laser and
it's completely undetectable so it's
completely stealth integrated into the
car so future plans for this car would
be we want to integrate a car computer
into the car feeding into the factory
screen so can you tell us a little bit
about some of the challenges you had
with most busts in this car there's a
lot of challenges in this car if you
take any of the most bus pieces out of
the car you'll end up killing the
battery so for instance this car was
designed from the factory with a changer
right here and you'll notice i'm going
to motorized this open you'll notice
that there's no longer a changer there
now that is a controller for my
equalizer that's in the trunk well the
changer is still in this vehicle it's
actually just hidden behind the dash
still connected into the loop if we
would have taken it out of the loop we
would eventually killed the battery
because when you turn the car on the
mercedes would have been looking for
that changer and just continues to look
for it like as a lost child so that's
one of the things is you have to leave
the radio in the car the factory
amplifier has to stay in the car the
factory changer has to stay in the car
so when you add pieces there they're
built into a loop so you actually have a
fiber optic input and output and that's
how the Bluetooth module goes that's how
the ipod module goes and so on
now there's a company getting ready to
release a preamp that will allow us to
take the factory amplifier in this car
out and so now all of the equalization
that was built into the original stereo
system will be gone and now I can go in
and customize that and it's actually got
a fiber optic input and it's either got
an analog output to go to a normal
amplifier or they've got one that's
going to have a fiber optic output it's
going to be the feed into an amplifier
that has a fiber optic input so what
other challenges have you had this car
they were it took a while oh these cars
love to go into what's called a battery
voltage protection everything on this
car runs off of electricity and so you
put amplifiers in the car and you start
to really crank the stereo system up and
all of a sudden the battery voltage
protection can kick on and all the
sudden your heated seats turn off or
certain like your power seats won't move
and so you you really have to be very
careful when you're doing the mods in
this car so if I brought this card in
stock how much would this type of
install cost about forty about forty
thousand dollars okay that's parts labor
everything that's everything soup to
nuts great well thanks a lot for the
tour you're welcome Rob